I'm Adrian from Adrian Wilkinson Real Estate.
I just wanted to chat about Voqal AI.
I met with Tom Parry originally,
had some conversations
about what I wanted to achieve from the
website, from the virtual agent receptionist.
So if you take a look at awrealestate.co.uk,
you'll see the results speak for themselves.
It's a fantastic opportunity
for any business, really,
to level up using Voqal AI.
I'm so impressed by the results.
I've spent a lot of my time
speaking to other people,
telling them about it, how fantastic it is.
It works across any industry.
I'm quite niche.
I'm doing Spanish, mainly,
and Cypriot property.
So, really niche area.
But Tom was able to bring to life
everything I needed in one place.
Please have a look at it, like I said —
awrealestate.co.uk.
I highly recommend Voqal AI for you.
Thank you.